[EASY-LISTENING MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKER]
Shower.
Thanks.
[TICKING]
[RINGS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[♪♪♪]
[MANHOLE COVER SCRAPING]
["BETTER CALL SAUL" THEME
PLAYING]
I'm not afraid of death.
What could death bring
that I haven't faced?
I've lived.
Life is the worst.
Listen to me,
I'm a philosopher.
Joe, you must do this.
You must, must, must.
Love, that's a trap.
Get in!
We need to reshoot!
Three hundred bucks
for 90 minutes! Come on!
I have a break in an hour.
You're not hearing me.
Four hundred if you get in
the car right now.
I will set your boss straight
if he gives you grief.
I will sue his ass
for wrongful termination
and age discrimination
if he fires you.
Hey, hey. Come here.
How often do we get a chance
to use our craft and shine?
To really slide inside the skin
of yet another human being
and make the kind of magic
that other people only dream of?
Now listen.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Seize the day.
Carpe diem.
Don't live with regret.
Let nothing stand in your way.
There's the spirit
that takes people places.
Come on.
Buckle up.
I don't wanna lose you
through the windshield.
[CRUNCH]
[CAR ALARM BEEPS]
This is a Canon XL2.
3CCD, top-of-the-line,
the crème de la crème.
Twenty-time optical zoom
but also has interchangeable
XL lens capability.
Image stabilization,
built-in filters,
variable frame rates, multiple
aspect ratios, your choice.
Well, it would be
your choice,
if any of you were allowed
to use it.
This here is what
professional videographers use.
This is for art.
This...
is not for you.
This is for you.
Three hundred and forty lines
of so-called resolution,
suitable for recording
your sister's second wedding,
local community board meetings
or porn mitout plot.
STUDENT:
Yeah. Hello?
Excuse me.
Professor Tanis said
that we'd have access
to the good cameras.
Oh.
Professor Tanis said that.
Well, Professor Tanis
does not represent
the views of
the equipment center.
I represent the views
of the equipment center. Okay?
So the good cameras?
Those are for the few.
The proud.
The auteurs.
Capisce?
Okay, these are
depth-of-field charts.
Study them.
Don't get lost in
the Circle of Confusion.
Can't tell your story if you
can't keep things in focus.
And...
I have some very important
responsibilities
elsewhere on campus,
but I'll be back.
And fair warning, there's gonna
be a quiz later. Probably.
Don't touch the equipment!
I'll know.
What are you doing
teaching a class?
I told you,
we have zero time--
You have time
to discuss my fee.
Discuss your fee?
Your fee is your fee.
That's right, and in
this emergency situation
where I'm pulled
from my collegiate duties,
my fee is 500.
Five hundred? What?
We did the same job
last week for 100.
If you think this is the same,
find someone else.
Five hundred! Fine. Jesus.
Five.
Pinky promise?
Pinky.
All the fingers.
Just don't tell the others.
Right choice.
You're paying for the best.
The best ass reaming.
That'd be extra.
Okay. We're gonna shoot
over here,
trees in the background,
throw it out-of-focus.
That work?
I'll make it.
How's my boy
looking?
I think better today.
I used a foundation that's
a little closer to his skin tone
and a spirit gum
that isn't so gunky,
so it makes the mustache
look more natural.
I like it. Looks good.
Hold on.
You wander too far
from the Shire?
We're in
rehearsals.
It's a live-action musical
tribute to The Dark Crystal.
I'm Kira,
the Gelfling.
Pretty sure
it's pronounced barf-ling.
Okay. Leave her alone.
Just set up.
Gotta get my stuff.
Taken care of.
I'm here.
JIMMY:
Let me see.
Look serious.
I just grabbed
everything.
I got three rolls of Tri-X
and Plus-X. I didn't know--
Wait. You touched
my stuff?
Nobody touches my stuff.
Truer words were never spoken.
Get it in gear.
We're on a deadline.
Thank God.
[♪♪♪]
You're sure of this?
Absolutely sure?
We want it to look right,
right?
I know.
I can do it.
I was around your cast
almost as much as you.
Here, give me the bag.
Get back in,
bust the speed limit,
you'll still make
that lunch.
Jimmy, this is where
I need to be.
MAN 1:
Is my light meter here?
MAN 2: It's in there.
Hello, Lenny.
Can I have your left arm?
JIMMY: Left arm.
Of course. What--?
Your character
has a broken arm now.
It's not here.
The plot thickens.
This changes everything.
Nothing changes.
You grabbed my NDs?
I grabbed everything.
I must have a new backstory.
KIM: Hold your arm still.
I don't see them.
MAN 2: Side pocket.
Think of the broken arm
as symbolic.
I see. Symbolic.
MAN 1: Got them.
Going with the Plus-X.
Try not to talk.
JIMMY:
Your motivation
remains exactly the same.
You're on a covert mission
to accept an important package.
You want to play it casual,
okay? But knowing, you know?
An air of mystery,
intrigue, conspiracy.
Probably best
if you just look sleepy.
Wait a minute.
Is that supposed to be a cast?
JIMMY:
Clock's running.
Come on, let's go.
MAN 1:
Hand.
Thanks.
Are you kidding me?
Dude, come on,
that's 36-dollar
cloth camera tape from Rafik.
Bill us.
Almost there. Keep it steady.
Keep it steady!
Morning light!
Aces on the foliage.
Okay.
Go!
Action!
[CAMERA SHUTTER
CLICKING RAPIDLY]
KIM:
No, we can't see it.
You have to turn so you
can see it. You have to--
No, turn it so that we can--
No, the envelope--
What?
Turn!
What is she--?
MAN:
Camera reload.
Okay. Um...
Lenny, just--
Okay, Lenny, why don't you try
walking behind the bench,
and, Jimmy,
pass it back to him?
Right,
but keep the envelope--
No, more like flat to
the camera, but not too obvious.
Got it. Go.
Shoes!
Shoes in the shot!
Crap!
Okay. Okay.
Okay. All ready?
Okay.
Action again!
[CAMERA SHUTTER
CLICKING RAPIDLY]
What are we
looking at here?
Can't rush the process.
As long as there's an image,
it doesn't have to be perfect.
Can't rush the process.
All right.
[♪♪♪]
That one?
Uh-huh.
Right there.
And this one?
Okay.
That one.
That one?
Yeah.
Looks good.
Okay.
Got it.
[♪♪♪]
What's that?
Don't worry about it.
You're need-to-know
on this one.
Okay.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[♪♪♪]
Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God.
Go! Go!
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[HORN HONKS]
[PANTING]
Uh... Excuse me, Mr. Hamlin.
I was told I should restock
the fridge before the meeting.
No worries.
Here.
Let me give you a hand.
Thank you.
Uh... You're Gary?
Cary.
Anderson.
Hm.
Of course. Cary.
Cary,
what happens when you drop
or shake a can of soda?
Right. Heh.
[MIMICKS EXPLOSION]
I'm sorry, I'm--
Here.
Let me show you a trick.
Something about
the centrifugal force
pulls the bubbles
from the inside,
stops it from exploding.
Don't want our clients
to get a surprise now, do we?
That works?
[SLURPS]
[CHUCKLES]
All right.
You know who taught me that?
He used to do it
out of habit.
Any time he opened a can.
Almost unconsciously.
I asked him about it once.
Just his way
of being prepared for anything.
Accidental or otherwise.
Um, I'm sorry,
I'm kind of new here.
I have to ask,
who-who is that?
HOWARD:
Charles McGill.
The M in HHM.
Greatest legal mind I ever knew.
Wow. Heh.
I hope someone says that
about me someday.
Well...
maybe there are
more important things.
Mr. Genidowski is here.
Now?
I told him you have a meeting.
All the parties are here?
JULIE:
Schweikart and his team
are running late.
They just phoned,
about ten minutes out.
Genidowski say what he wants?
Just that there's been
a development.
Said you'd know what he means.
Sorry about that.
They're fresh out of the bath.
What am I looking at?
Took those
about 7 this morning.
McGill sat on a bench
in Trumbull Park,
then the subject you see there
passed by and collected
a package from McGill,
tucked it
in his sling.
Didn't realize what it was
until I saw the photos up close.
HOWARD:
Oh, my God.
Same envelope.
And the man with the mustache?
I was hoping
you'd recognize him.
I don't, but--
What can you do
to find this man?
I know he drives a silver Miata
and I got a partial plate.
Not perfect, but enough.
It'll take
some extra man-hours.
Might have to grease
some wheels at MVD--
Do it.
Whatever needs to be done.
I'm on it.
Now, the secret to a really good
potato and leek soup.
It's not the potatoes.
It's the leeks.
You have to leave them
a little chunky.
Well, I love leeks.
And garlic helps too.
That sounds delicious.
I really hope
I get a chance to try it.
Irene!
How are you,
my dear?
I'm very good,
Mr. Hamlin.
Now, you know
to call me Howard.
And you remember Julie,
of course.
Yes.
I was just telling Irene
she doesn't have to do
or say anything,
and there's nothing
to be nervous about.
Cliff is
absolutely right.
Julie, can you pour Irene
a hot cup of chamomile tea,
a touch of honey?
That's how you like it, right?
Yes, thank you.
Irene, let me walk you through
what's going to happen.
You're gonna meet Mr. Schweikart
and his associates
who represent
Sandpiper's interests,
and it's all gonna be
very polite and professional.
And to make sure it stays
polite and professional,
an independent mediator
is gonna keep things that way.
Kind of like a referee.
Yeah, a very nice retired judge
out of Santa Fe, Judge Casimiro,
I've known
for many, many years.
Oh, thank you.
You're so sweet.
Oh, my goodness.
I'm just so glad this is all
going to be over soon.
Well,
we all know the saying,
"The wheels of justice
turn slowly."
Things probably
won't be over today.
There's a chance.
But we're fighting very hard
to get you and your friends
what you deserve.
And the other side's fighting
hard for their clients.
So this is one very big,
very important,
and very slow step
towards justice.
Full disclosure.
We're probably looking at--
What, Cliff?
I'd have to say one-and-a-half
to two years, minimum.
Of course, you're
the class representative.
If you hear a deal
of your liking today--
No.
I am not gonna do anything
that you don't tell me to do.
Well, we will advise you
to the best of our ability.
I can assure you of that.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
All the parties are here
and Erin has
the out-of-state reps
dialed in on the Polycom.
CLIFF:
Fantastic. And Judge Casimiro?
In the waiting area, ready
to come in once we're assembled.
Excellent.
Well,
this is it, then.
We'll freshen
this up for you
in the conference room.
Thank you.
Now, let's get you down there
in style.
Um...
I'm fine walking.
Of course.
I'd feel better
making all of this
as easy for you as possible.
Thank you for indulging me,
Irene.
Now, is there anything else
to make you comfortable?
Are you hot?
No, I'm very comfortable.
Anybody else hot?
Uh... I'm good.
HOWARD:
Hm.
And I believe
we're just moments away.
And here they are.
Good afternoon, everyone!
The team
has entered the room,
along with your class rep,
Irene Landry.
Howard.
[CHUCKLES]
Cliff, good to see you.
Rich.
You remember
Alvin and Phil.
And this is Daniela
and Edwina from Sandpiper.
Great to see you.
I don't think you've met Irene.
I haven't, but it's nice
to put a face to a name.
Hello. Rich Schweikart.
It is so nice to meet
all of you.
There's so many people.
Julie, I think it's time
to invite in the mediator.
Right away.
Hang tight.
Now that all the parties
are here,
the mediator
will be invited in.
[CHIMES]
Um...
Whoops. Hello?
Hello?
We still have everyone?
Hello? Did we lose anyone?
Ms. Valco in Provo,
you still on the line?
Can you unmute
and let us know?
MAN:
More or less.
Thrown into the deep end.
MS. VALCO:
Yes, I'm here, Ms. Brill.
ERIN:
Great.
If any of you
get disconnected,
just dial back
on the same number,
followed by the access code,
then press pound,
the little tic-tac-toe button,
and you'll jump right back in.
And it looks like
our mediator has arrived,
so we'll get started.
We've got you at
the head of the table.
Is there anything
I can get you?
I'm absolutely fine,
thank you.
I'm a pencil
and notepad person.
All I need!
Hello.
I know we're all anxious
to get things started,
but you'll have to suffer
through my traditional spiel,
unfortunately.
My name is Rand Casimiro,
and I am your mediator
for these proceedings.
Now, I'm happy to be here,
but at the end, hopefully,
all of you in the room
and those listening
from various locations
won't be happy with me.
Why do I say that?
Because the best solutions
mean compromise.
It's compromise from both sides.
That's my goal.
But as my wife always says,
compromising doesn't mean
I'm right and she's wrong.
So let us move forward
with the--
Hm.
Howard?
I'm--
Well...
I'm sorry,
I don't think
we can proceed with
these negotiations today.
RICH: Why not?
HOWARD: Let's just say,
circumstances
beyond any of our control.
I'm gonna have to insist
that you be more specific.
Well, our mediator here keeps
using the word "compromise,"
when he in fact
is compromised.
I beg your pardon?
HOWARD:
I think you heard me.
CLIFF:
Howard.
HOWARD:
You drive a silver Miata,
correct?
CASIMIRO:
I do.
And this morning
around 7 a.m.,
you walked across
Trumbull Park in town?
No.
You didn't stop at
the park this morning?
I didn't.
I got to Albuquerque early,
not at 7 a.m.
And I didn't go to a park.
You sure?
If the judge says he's sure--
Of course, I'm sure.
If it matters,
I arrived in town about 10.
I stopped at a gas station.
I went by a liquor store
and bought a gift.
I had a lunch salad
and a very nice latte
from the Flying Star in Menaul.
I read Barron's,
then came here.
HOWARD:
Hmm...
So you weren't in town to visit
our mutual acquaintance,
James Morgan McGill?
Or maybe you know him
as Saul Goodman?
I don't know anyone
by either of those names.
Okay. You wanna
go that way?
Julie, go to my desk,
please.
There's an envelope with photos,
bring it to me quickly.
Okay.
Can we have a sidebar--?
I'm sorry, these photos...
These are photos of me?
They show exactly
what I'm describing.
You were following me?
I had a private investigator
following Jimmy McGill.
You were photographed receiving
what I estimate to be
a $20,000 payoff
this morning in the park.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
This is just...
[CLEARS THROAT]
You recommended this judge
as a mediator and we agreed,
and now Jimmy...
Jimmy McGill, who originated
this suit, is what?
Admittedly,
it all sounds a bit baroque.
But when you see the photos,
things will be clearer.
Well, I'm looking
forward to that.
JULIE:
I have the pictures,
Mr. Hamlin.
HOWARD:
Thank you, Julie.
And now take a look.
Is that supposed
to be me?
I...
This is--
This is not-- Julie,
you got the wrong envelope.
JULIE:
That was the only one
on your desk.
[SHARPLY]
Look again.
They--
They've been switched.
Somehow, he switched them.
Howard--
HOWARD:
No. Jimmy,
he snuck in somehow,
and these are not
the pictures I saw.
ERIN:
Mr. Hamlin?
Are you all right?
Your eyes...
I am fine.
This is all something
that will be sorted out.
I am confident.
I think a recess
is in order.
Nobody move.
Evidence has been tampered with.
CLIFF: Howard, please.
Is this
how these usually go?
What are you doing?
I told you,
this is a campaign
by Jimmy to take me down.
You are blowing this.
Take a long deep breath
and apologize for
what you're doing.
Of course.
I'll call my PI.
He has the negatives.
Listen--
The original photos,
we'll prove everything.
Howard--
Wait. You'll see.
[PHONE BUSY SIGNAL
BEEPING]
Okay. This isn't--
I'm gonna figure out
what's happening.
Howard!
Judge.
I-- I don't know
what to say.
I suppose there really is
nothing to say.
Best of luck, Cliff.
ERIN:
If everyone could
just stay on the line,
that would be preferable.
The situation here is fluid.
We will update you
as soon as possible.
Uh, we've, um--
We've reconsidered
our position.
We're going back
to our previous offer.
That stands
till end of day.
Tomorrow, we reduce it
by a million,
and then another million
the day after that.
Our best to Howard.
Did you call a doctor?
One is on the way.
HOWARD:
Cliff, is that you?
I'm not crazy,
and I'm not on drugs.
Please, come in.
Somehow, someway,
that son of a bitch
gave me something
that dilated my pupils.
I don't know what,
but it's wearing off
already. Look.
You say that Jimmy McGill
drugged you?
How is that possible?
The photos,
they were wet with something.
The missing photos?
Yeah, my PI, Genidowski,
had to have been in on it.
He must have shown me
one set of photos,
and then switched them
after I left.
Howard...
Three weeks ago,
Julie got a call from
our detective agency.
They wanted to update
their contact info,
so of course, she changed
the number in the system.
But it turns out,
it wasn't them.
That was Jimmy.
So when I needed an investigator
to follow Jimmy,
I called his fake number
and his fake man.
She just dialed
the old number,
and of course
got the actual agency.
And no surprise, no one
by the name of Genidowski
had ever worked there.
I hired a con man.
I got played
every step of the way.
I know what it sounds like,
but you have to believe me.
I--
It doesn't matter.
Rich went back
to the previous offer.
I'm gonna recommend
to the class that we take it.
No. No way.
We do not let Jimmy
win this.
Why would Jimmy even do this?
He's a profit participant.
This means less money for him.
Because he's a child.
He wants his money now.
He begged me months ago
to settle.
You know what he does.
Whatever the truth is,
we'll never get back to where
we were before mediation.
We have to settle.
I'm lead attorney,
and I won't sanction
that decision.
Then I'm obligated
to go to the partners
and explain everything
I've seen, all of it.
You think you're gonna
be able to convince them
it was all Jimmy McGill?
Okay, then.
We go to trial.
Cliff, this case
is incredibly strong.
I put this
in front of a jury, then--
I'm not thinking about
you or Jimmy.
I'm thinking about the time,
the expense, the uncertainty.
I'm thinking about
our clients.
CLIFF [ON PHONE]:
Hello, everyone.
Thank you for your patience,
and sorry for the wait.
This is Clifford Main,
lead counsel, speaking,
and I'm here
with some good news.
An offer has been made and
accepted by Mrs. Irene Landry,
which is gonna make all of you,
I believe, very satisfied.
[KISSING]
[FOOTSTEPS]
[IN SPANISH]
Don Eladio.
Guess who?
It's me! I'm alive!
[CHUCKLES]
I'm here in beautiful
downtown Albuquerque.
Been here...
Four nights?
Now, you might be asking,
what am I doing
down in this shithole?
Well...
a little Croatian bird
told me a secret.
He put up a hell of a fight,
but he told me.
Look...
See that? Right there.
Fring's secret.
Now, I've been watching,
and Fring hides his guards
very well.
But they're there,
dressed like laundry workers.
See? That's one there.
They're hiding guns under
the uniforms, but I see.
I have a pretty good idea
what I'm up against.
I can tell you
what's in there.
A big hole
where a German engineer,
Werner Ziegler,
designed the perfect place
to hide the...
[IN ENGLISH]
mother of all meth labs.
[IN SPANISH]
Well.
That's my story.
And Fring,
Fring will have his story.
A good one.
And Bolsa will back him.
Because he's an...
[IN ENGLISH]
"Earner."
[IN SPANISH]
So, tonight...
I go in...
I kill all the guards...
and show you the proof.
Then...
You decide.
Goodbye.
[PHONE RINGS]
Casa Tranquila.
LALO [IN SPANISH]:
Good afternoon.
Is this the front desk?
I'm sorry,
I'll have to find someone
who speaks Spanish to help.
[IN ENGLISH]
It's fine.
I'm looking to speak
to one of your residents.
Hector Salamanca.
I'm a relative.
Of course, just a moment.
[EASY-LISTENING MUSIC
PLAYING ON PHONE]
[EASY-LISTENING MUSIC STOPS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[IN SPANISH]
Clever Chicken Man.
Clever clever Chicken Man...
[GRUNTS]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[PHONE BUTTONS BEEP]
[PHONE DIALS]
WOMAN:
Casa Tranquila.
[IN ENGLISH]
Sorry. I think
I lost connection.
I'm trying to reach
Hector Salamanca.
Yes, sorry about that.
Let's try that again.
Hold on.
[EASY-LISTENING MUSIC
PLAYING ON PHONE]
[PHONE RINGS]
Hello?
Yes, here's Hector.
LALO [IN SPANISH]: Hector.
[BELL DINGS]
It's me. Can I talk?
Wish I was calling
with better news.
I couldn't find proof.
The Chicken Man...
he covers his tracks well.
That's the bad news.
The good news?
I'm going back to Plan A.
He gets a surprise tonight.
[BELL DINGING]
Tio, Tio.
Uncle...
No, Eladio won't be happy,
but this is the way.
[BELL CONTINUES DINGING]
Love you, Tio.
[♪♪♪]
That's it.
Show me what you've got.
Michael.
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS TWICE]
WOMAN:
And that's great. If you can all
scooch in just a little more.
And look at my hand.
Big smile, guys.
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS TWICE]
That's great.
Thank you, everyone.
Gustavo,
we can't thank you enough
for being such a friend
to youth development.
It's not only me.
Every Pollos Hermanos employee
is committed to giving
these young people
the opportunity to reach
their fullest potential.
Can you say more about
why you chose this organization?
I think of the guidance
that I had as a child.
If we can
make an impact early,
we not only help the children,
but we help the world.
If you'll excuse me
for just a moment.
WOMAN:
Of course.
LALO [ON RECORDING]:
I'm going back to Plan A.
He gets a surprise tonight.
When?
Twenty minutes ago.
Now, you're gonna need
to cut this short.
Too many civilians, kids.
I've got guys sweeping
outside right now.
But this is
an uncontrollable situation.
He would not attack me here.
Hm.
You wanna bet the farm on that?
We need home-court advantage,
which is you in the safe house
and him thinking you're alone.
You need to get in your car
and drive calmly home,
business as usual.
We'll be hidden, but we'll be
on you every step of the way.
I pulled guys off
all the low-priority targets
to cover you.
The laundry?
Tyrus is there with his crew.
Aside from that, it's all hands
on deck at your house.
The trap is set.
Salamanca shows up,
he goes down.
MAN [ON TV]:
Not the pope, Alexander Pope.
The proper study...
Of mankind is man.
'Cause that means women too.
Yeah.
Yes, I know.
I've been doing some studying
of a different mankind lately.
Like the ones you told me...
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
...Thomas Jefferson
last week...
[JIMMY SIGHS]
You know, we don't
have to get it.
[KNOCKING CONTINUES]
We should probably
get this over with.
I'll get it.
Just in case Max Schmeling
comes in swinging.
[JIMMY CLEARS THROAT]
[DOOR OPENS]
HOWARD:
Can I come in?
Yeah. Come on.
Kim.
Howard.
You doing okay?
I'm fine.
Sorry to interrupt...
this,
but I brought you
a gift.
A gift?
What's the occasion?
Your brother
and I,
we always had a meeting
with Mr. Macallan
after a big victory.
Usually some brilliant
summation by Chuck,
that goes
without saying.
So this...
this is for you.
You earned it.
You won.
Won?
Uh, what did I win?
I get it.
Of course, you both have
to play it this way.
You're both
so very good at it.
It's late, Howard.
Do you wanna tell us
what this is about?
I was wondering that too.
What it's all about.
I mean, what do you
tell yourselves?
What justification
makes it okay?
"Howard's such an asshole.
He deserves it"?
We're good.
So...
what is it?
I sided with Chuck
too often?
I took away your office,
put you in doc review?
All of the above?
Howard's daddy helped him
get to the top,
but you both had to struggle.
"Howie has so much
and we have so little?
Let's take him down
a peg or two."
What allows you
to do this to me?
Because
this isn't just a prank, no.
This goes beyond throwing
bowling balls on my car.
This took planning,
coordination.
I mean, how many weeks?
Or was it months?
It couldn't have
been easy.
So tell me, why?
Why go through
this elaborate plot
just to
burn me to the ground?
[CHUCKLES]
Burn you to the ground?
Howard, come on.
You'll be fine.
You always land on your feet.
HOWARD:
Yeah, sure.
The Sandpiper settlement?
HHM's share will be
substantial, absolutely.
Even though
I humiliated myself.
And my clients and peers
will whisper
that Howard Hamlin's
a drug addict.
You're right.
I've worked my way
through worse.
Debt, depression,
my marriage falling apart.
Oh, yeah.
Been sleeping in the guest house
for the better part of a year.
Mmm. Just one more thing
good old Howard
has to work through.
But, yes,
I will land on my feet.
I will be okay.
But you?
Far from it.
You two...
You two are soulless.
Jimmy, you can't help yourself.
Chuck knew it.
You were born that way.
But you...
one of the smartest
and most promising
human beings
I've ever known,
and this is the life
you choose.
JIMMY:
All right,
you're too tight to drive.
I'm calling a cab.
Oh, good. Phony compassion.
Very, very believable,
but I'm far from done.
KIM: Oh, no, no, no.
[GRUNTING]
You are done, Howard.
Sorry, but you need
to stop this,
and you need to go home.
You're perfect
for each other.
You have
a piece missing.
I-- I thought you did it
for the money,
but now it's so clear.
Screw the money.
You did it for fun.
You get off on it.
You're like Leopold and Loeb,
two sociopaths.
That's enough.
You know it's true.
You don't have the guts
to admit it.
Great.
Now you need to go.
I'll make it clear
to everyone.
I'm gonna dedicate my life
to making sure
that everybody knows the truth.
Believe it.
You can't hide
who you are forever.
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
How...?
KIM:
Howard...
Howard!
Howard, you need to leave.
Who are you?
Me? Nobody.
I just need to talk
to my lawyers.
Oh, is that right?
You want some advice?
Find better lawyers.
Howard, please, just--
Just turn around.
No, no, no.
Take your time.
What's this about?
[BREAHING SHAKILY]
KIM:
Please...
Please--
Please, just
tell us what you want.
Like I said...
to talk.
I--
I think I'm in
the middle of something.
There's really no need to--
No! Howard!
Aah! Oh, shit.
Oh, shit!
Oh, my God!
JIMMY: No!
KIM: Oh, my God!
No, no!
Ssh!
Ssh, ssh, ssh...
[BOTH GASPING]
Okay.
Let's talk.
[♪♪♪]